README.md, before:

# Financial_Vir
A personal finance categorizer in Javascript.

This is entirely a web app.  It is displayed through HTML/CSS and runs solely on Javascript.  It is intended to run inside of the Node Webkit ([now NW.js](http://nwjs.io)) framework/app.

Outisde of the NW.js setup, node.js is not used and is therefore not critical to the actual functionality of the app.  Therefore, this should run perfectly fine inside any major browser as well, but I will not be supporting its use within a browser.

**I barely know what I'm doing with this.**  This is the first time I've made a real app, the first time I've used git, the first time I've written heavily in Javascript.  I've learned a lot and this app has gone through several complete refactors already as I continue to learn more.  However, I'm very pleased with how well this is working so far.

#### Running in a Browser
Download all the files, then simply open "main.html" in a browser and everything else will take care of itself.

##### [To do list!](TODO.md)

Commit message:

added client-side storage info

README.md, after:

# Financial_Vir
A personal finance categorizer in Javascript.

This is entirely a web app.  It is displayed through HTML/CSS and runs solely on Javascript.  It is intended to run inside of the Node Webkit ([now NW.js](http://nwjs.io)) framework/app.

Outisde of the NW.js setup, node.js is not used and is therefore not critical to the actual functionality of the app.  Therefore, this should run perfectly fine inside any major browser as well, but I will not be supporting its use within a browser.

Everything that is entered into the app is **ONLY** stored client-side.  The data you enter is never seen by me, the data you enter is **ONLY** stored on your own computer.  While this means all your data is 100% private, it also means you will have to use this app on the same computer forever, or figure out a way to transfer the database yourself (that is not yet implemented).

**I barely know what I'm doing with this.**  This is the first time I've made a real app, the first time I've used git, the first time I've written heavily in Javascript.  I've learned a lot and this app has gone through several complete refactors already as I continue to learn more.  However, I'm very pleased with how well this is working so far.

#### Running in a Browser
Download all the files, then simply open "main.html" in a browser and everything else will take care of itself.

##### [To do list!](TODO.md)
